# TourChalo
The entitled project ‘TourChalo’ is a tourism website that provide tour packages and destination holidays, integrated with a video section that provide customers a whole new experience that makes them sure about the kind of services they are going to get while travelling with ‘TourChalo’. This website is to revolutionize the way tour packages are sold in the market right now. It is constructed with taking the real life marketing situations in consideration and to provide best experience to both customer and the agents that are there to increase their business.
 Thewebsite is a complete product for a tourism agency plus it contains an integrated but
Stand-alone video section that enhances the user experience. The video section can also be used as a portal for user viewership like ‘TVF play’ and ‘Netflix’. The website provides a complete session based experience to the user and provide every possible facility that a tourism website should have along with some perks that the user experience while using the website.
There is facility of having user’s own profile, dashboard and facilities that help a travel users to promote their product. This website connect the user with the vendor and thus makes things simpler and better. Project also has an admin panel that provides the website administrator a complete control over various activities on the website. The website is composed of various tour packages based on the existing market study making the project more realistic and relevant to the industry.
